docs(3D): update getting started guide (MAPCO-5461) (#151)
MapColonies/developer-portal: docs/MapColonies/3D/services/3dViewer/README.md

In the response, you can find other useful attributes that you can use for your application.

> You can see here how to build a 3D profile [3D Profile v2](/docs/MapColonies/3D/services/catalog/catalog-profile-v2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see [here](/docs/MapColonies/3D/services/catalog/catalog-profile-v2) all of the details about the 3D profile.
```

In the response, you can find other useful attributes that you can use for your application.

You can see here how to build a 3D profile (version 2):
(/docs/MapColonies/openstreetmap/openstreetmap)

> - [3D Profile v2](/docs/MapColonies/3D/services/catalog/catalog-profile-v2) 

Author: fixed

> - [3D Profile v2](/docs/MapColonies/3D/services/catalog/catalog-profile-v2) 

Author: done
